Uncle Sun, your old mother-in-law keeps her word
Our brothers are also lucky in their hearts.
But
It's not easy for us to follow you and build this country
If you hand him over to such an incompetent person
What if you lose it all?
Right
self-direction
Even if you can fill this hole
Sun married also has to harvest a lot of vitality
What if there is a next time?
Your boss can't pay for the coffin
you
primary school
Do you all think so too?
I Tiba Chu Sun Ruoxue Chairperson position
Women should go home to their husbands and children
We need to choose capable people to manage the group
Bastard my Sun family
After all, it is still the largest shareholder of the group
At this time, the decision of the group is not up to you
Ah, it's over.
Mr. Zhao, Mr. Gao, you are finally here
What are you two doing here, security?
Blow them both out
What are you doing?
Move, drive out the future chairperson
They probably don't have the guts yet
Hahahaha
What are you talking about?